Emission signature is unusual.
Alpha and beta ray neutral.
Though I doubt Rogers
picked up on that.
Seems harmless enough.
Hard to see what all the fuss is about.
Write that down.
270 at 30 knots.
Holding steady at 15,000 feet.
You are clear for exfiltration
over the drop zone.
It's good to be back.
- You missed me?
- Blow something up!
- I missed you, too.
- Blow something up?
I already did that.
I'm not saying…
that the world is enjoying its…
longest period of uninterrupted
peace in years because of me.
I'm not saying…
that from the ashes of captivity…
never has a greater phoenix metaphor
been personified in human history.
I'm not saying…
that Uncle Sam…
can kick back on a lawn chair…
sipping on an iced tea…
because I haven't come across
anyone who's man enough…
to go toe-to-toe with me
on my best day.
I love you, Tony!
Please, it's not about me.
It's not about you.
It's not even about us.
It's about legacy.
It's about what we choose
to leave behind for future generations.
And that's why for the next year…
and for the first time since 1974…
the best and brightest men
and women…
of nations and corporations
the world over…
will pool their resources…
share their collective vision…
to leave behind…
a brighter future.
It's not about us.
Therefore, what I'm saying,
if I'm saying anything…
is welcome back…
to the Stark Expo.
And now…
making a special guest appearance…
from the great beyond
to tell you what it's all about…
please welcome my father, Howard.
Everything is achievable
through technology.
Better living…
robust health…
and for the first time in human history…
the possibility of world peace.
So, from all of us here
at Stark lndustries…
I would like to personally introduce you
to the City of the Future.
Technology holds infinite possibilities
for mankind…
and will one day rid
society of all its ills.
Soon, technology will affect the way
you live your life every day.
No more tedious work…
leaving more time for leisure activities
and enjoying the sweet life.
The Stark Expo.
Welcome.
We are coming to you live
from the kickoff of the Stark Expo…
where Tony Stark
has just walked offstage.
Don't worry if you can't
make it down here tonight…
because this Expo goes on
all year long.
And I'm gonna be here
checking out all the attractions…
and the pavilions and the inventions
from all around the world.
- To make sure you join me…
- Alright
it's a zoo out there, watch out.
Open up, let's go.
Hey! Nice to see you.
Alright. Thank you.
- I remember you.
- Tony, Tony…
Hi. Hey, hey…
- Call me.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Come on, come on.
Hello dear friend.
It would be a pleasure.
Ok.
See you, buddy.
This is Larry.
Hey, the oracle of Oracle.
What a pleasure.
- Nice to see you.
- Call me. Call me.
- Larry King.
- Larry!
Yes, my people, my people.
Come on, Tony. There we go.
- Very mellow.
- That wasn't so bad.
No, it was perfect.
Look what we got here,
the new model.
- Hey, does she come with the car?
- I certainly hope so.
Hi.
- And you are?
- Marshal.
- Irish. I like it.
- Pleased to meet you, Tony.
I'm on the wheel.
Do you mind? Where you from?
- Bedford.
- What are you doing here?
- Looking for you.
- Yeah? You found me.
What are you up to later?
Serving subpoenas.
He doesn't like to be handed things.
- Yeah, I have a peeve.
- I got it.
You are hereby ordered…
to appear before the Senate
Armed Services Committee…
tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m.
- Can I see a badge?
- You wanna see the badge?
He likes the badge.
- You still like it?
- Yep.
How far are we from D.C.?
D.C.? 250 miles.
We should never have let him go.
There was no stopping him.
Well, at least
he's only banished, not dead.
Which is what we'd all be…
if that guard hadn't told Odin
where we'd gone.
How did the guard even know?
I told him.
What?
I told him to go to Odin after we'd left.
He should be flogged for taking so long.
We should never have
reached Jotunheim.
You told the guard?
I saved our lives.
And Thor's.
I had no idea Father would banish him
for what he did.
Loki.
You must go to the Allfather
and convince him to change his mind.
And if I do, then what?
I love Thor more dearly than any of you,
but you know what he is.
He's arrogant.
He's reckless. He's dangerous.
You saw how he was today.
Is that what Asgard needs from its king?
He may speak of the good of Asgard…
but he's always been jealous of Thor.
We should be grateful to him,
he saved our lives.
Laufey said…
there were traitors in the House of Odin.
A master of magic…
could bring three Jotuns into Asgard.
Loki's always been one for mischief…
but you're talking
about something else entirely.
Stop!
Am I cursed?
No.
What am I?
You're my son.
What more than that?
The Casket wasn't the only thing
you took from Jotunheim that day, was it?
No.
In the aftermath of the battle
I went into the temple…
and I found a baby.
Small for a giant's offspring.
Abandoned, suffering…
left to die.
Laufey's son.
Yes.
Why?
You were knee-deep in Jotun blood…
why would you take me?
You were an innocent child.
No.
You took me for a purpose.
What was it?
Tell me!
I thought we could unite
our kingdoms one day.
Bring about an alliance,
bring about permanent peace.
Through you.
What?
But those plans no longer matter.
So I am no more
than another stolen relic…
locked up, here until you might
have use of me.
Why do you twist my words?
You could have told me what I was
from the beginning…
why didn't you?
You're my son.
I wanted only to protect you
from the truth.
Why…
because I'm the monster…
parents tell their children about
at night?
No, no.
You know, it all makes sense now!
Why you favored Thor
all these years!
Because no matter how much
you claim to love me…
you could never have a Frost Giant
sitting on the throne of Asgard!
Guards!
Guards, please, help!
The fifth one was here in Poland,
right near the Baltic.
And the sixth one was…
about… here…
30, 40 miles west of the Maginot Line.
I just got a quick look.
Well, nobody's perfect.
These are the weapon factories
we know about.
Sergeant Barnes said that Hydra shipped all
the parts to another facility that isn't on this map.
Agent Carter, coordinate with MI6.
I want every Allied eyeball
looking for that main Hydra base.
What about us?
We are going to set a fire
under Johann Schmidt's ass.
What do you say, Rogers?
It's your map. You think
you can wipe Hydra off it?
Yes, sir.
I will need a team.
We're already putting together
the best men.
With all due respect sir…
so am I.
So, let's get this straight.
We barely got out of there alive,
and you want us to go back?
Pretty much.
Sounds rather…
fun actually.
I am in.
I will fight until the last of these
bastards are dead…
chained or crying like a little baby.
I hope the three.
Me too!
We're in.
Hell, I will always fight.
But you got to do one thing for me.
What's that?
Open a tab.
Well, that was easy.
Another round.
Where are they putting all this stuff?
See?
I told you.
They're all idiots.
How about you?
You ready to follow Captain America
into the jaws of death?
Hell, no.
That little guy from Brooklyn who was
too dumb not to run away from a fight.
I am following him.
But you're keeping the outfit, right?
You know what?
It's kind of growing on me.
Captain.
Agent Carter.
Ma'am.
Howard has some equipment
for you to try…
tomorrow morning?
Sounds good.
I see your top squad is prepping for duty.
You don't like music?
I do, actually.
I might, even when
this is all over, go dancing.
Then what are we waiting for?
The right partner.
0800, Captain.
Yes, ma'am.
I will be there.
I am invisible.
I am turning into you.
It's like a horrible dream.
Don't take it so hard.
Maybe she's got a friend.
Allfather,
we must speak with you urgently.
My friends.
Where's Odin?
Father has fallen into the Odinsleep.
Mother fears
he may never awaken again.
We would speak with her.
She has refused to leave
my father's bedside.
You can bring your urgent matter to me.
Your king.
My King…
we would ask that you end
Thor's banishment.
My first command cannot be
to undo the Allfather's last.
We're on the brink of war
with Jotunheim.
Our people need
a sense of continuity…
in order to feel safe
in these difficult times.
All of us must stand together…
for the good of Asgard.
Yes, of course.
Good. Then you will wait for my word.
If I may…
beg the indulgence of Your Majesty…
to perhaps reconsider…
We're done!
Mr Stark, please.
Pick up now where we left off?
Mr Stark. Please.
Yes, dear?
Can I have your attention?
Absolutely.
Do you or do you not possess
a specialised weapon?
I do not.
You do not?
I do not. Well, it depends on how
you define the word weapon.
The Iron Man weapon.
My device does not fit that description.
Well… How would you describe it?
I would describe it by defining it
as what it is, Senator.
As? It's a…
It's a high-tech prosthesis.
That is… That is…
That's actually the most apt description
I can make of it.
It's a weapon.
It's a weapon, Mr Stark.
Please, if your priority was actually,
I hate to inform you it's a weapon.
The well-being of the American citizen…
My priority is to get the Iron Man
weapon turned over to the people…
- …of the United States of America.
- Well, you can forget it.
I am Iron Man.
The suit and I are one.
To turn over the Iron Man suit
would be to turn over myself…
which is tantamount
to indentured servitude or prostitution…
depending on what state you're in.
You can't have it.
Look, I'm no expert…
In prostitution? Of course not.
You're a senator. Come on.
I'm no expert in weapons.
We have somebody here
who is an expert on weapons.
I'd now like to call Justin Hammer…
our current primary weapons contractor.
Let the record reflect that I observed
Mr Hammer entering the chamber…
and I am wondering…
if and when any actual expert
will also be in attendance.
Absolutely.
I'm no expert.
I defer to you, Anthony.
You're the wonder boy.
Senator, if I may.
I may well not be an expert…
but you know who was the expert?
Your dad.
Howard Stark.
Really a father to us all…
and to the military-industrial age.
Let's just be clear.
He was no flower child.
He was a lion.
We all know why we're here.
In the last six months…
Anthony Stark has created a sword
with untold possibilities.
And yet he insists…
it's a shield.
He asks us to trust him…
as we cower behind it.
I wish I were comforted, Anthony,
I really do.
I'd love to leave my door unlocked
when I leave the house…
but this ain't Canada.
You know, we live in a world
of grave threats…
threats that Mr Stark…
will not always be able to foresee.
Thank you.
God bless Iron Man.
God bless America.
That is well said, Mr Hammer.
The committee would now like to invite
Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes
to the chamber.
Rhodey? What?
Hey, buddy.
I didn't expect to see you here.
Look, it's me, I'm here.
Deal with it. Let's move on.
I just… Drop it.
Alright, I'll drop it.
I have before me a complete report
on the Iron Man weapon…
compiled by Colonel Rhodes.
And, Colonel for the record…
can you please read page 57,
paragraph four?
You're requesting
that I read specific selections…
- …from my report, Senator?
- Yes, sir.
It was my understanding
that I was going to be testifying…
in a much more comprehensive
and detailed manner.
I understand.
A lot of things have changed today.
So if you could just read…
You do understand that reading…
a single paragraph
out of context does not reflect…
- the summary of my final--
- Just read it, Colonel. I do.
Thank you.
Very well.
As he does not operate within
any definable branch of government…
Iron Man presents a potential threat
to the security of both the nation…
and to her interests.
I did, however, go on to summarise…
that the benefits of Iron Man
far outweigh the liabilities.
- And that it would be in our interest…
- That's enough, Colonel.
- …to fold Mr Stark…
- That's enough.
…into the existing
chain of command, Senator.
I'm not a joiner, but I'll consider
Secretary of Defense, if you ask nice.
We can amend the hours a little bit.
I'd like to go on and show, if I may…
the imagery that's connected
to your report.
I believe it is somewhat premature…
to reveal these images…
- to the general public at this time.
- With all due respect…
Colonel, I understand.
And if you could
just narrate those for us…
we'd be very grateful.
Let's have the images.
Intelligence suggests that
the devices seen in these photos…
are in fact, attempts
at making manned copies…
of Mr Stark's suit.
This has been corroborated by our allies…
and local intelligence…
on the ground
indicating that these suits…
are quite possibly at this moment…
operational.
Hold on one second, buddy.
Let me see…
something here.
Boy, I'm good.
I commandeered your screens.
I need them.
Time for a little transparency.
- Now, let's see what's really going on.
- What is he doing?
If you will direct your attention
to said screens…
I believe that's North Korea.
Can you turn that off?
Take it off.
Iran.
No grave immediate…
threat here. Is that Justin Hammer?
How did Hammer get in the game?
Justin, you're on TV. Focus up.
Ok, give me a left twist.
Left's good. Turn to the right.
Oh, shit. Oh, shit!
Yeah I'd say…
most countries, five, 10 years away.
Hammer Industries, 20.
I'd like to point out that
that test pilot survived.
I think we're done,
is the point that he's making.
- I don't think there is any reason--
- The point is, you're welcome…
- I guess.
- For what?
Because I'm your nuclear deterrent.
It's working.
We're safe. America is secure.
You want my property?
You can't have it.
But I did you a big favour.
I've successfully privatized world peace.
What more do you want?
For now!
I tried to play ball with these ass-clowns.
[bleep] you, Mr Stark…
[bleep] you, buddy.
We're adjourned.
We're adjourned for today.
Ok.
You've been a delight.
I never get used to seeing him like this.
He's put it off for so long now…
that I fear...
How long will it last?
I don't know.
This time it's different.
We were unprepared.
So why did he lie?
He kept the truth from you
so that you would never feel different.
You are our son, Loki…
and we, your family.
We mustn't lose hope
that your father will return to us.
And your brother.
What hope is there for Thor?
There's always a purpose
to everything your father does.
He committed a crime. He's in jail!
- I can't just leave him there!
- Why?
You didn't see what I saw!
Look!
Look, it's Myeu-muh.
Where'd you find this?
The children's section.
I just wanted to show you
how silly his story was.
But you're the one
who's always pushing me to…
chase down every possibility,
every alternative!
I'm talking about science, not magic!
Well, magic's just science
that we don't understand yet.
- Arthur C. Clarke.
- Who wrote science fiction.
- A precursor to science fact!
- In some cases, yeah.
Well, if there is
an Einstein-Rosen Bridge…
then there is something
on the other side.
And advanced beings
could have crossed it!
Jane.
A primitive culture like the Vikings
might have worshipped them as deities.
Yes! Yes, exactly. Thank you.
You made my men,
some of the most…
highly trained professionals in
the world look like a bunch of…
minimum-wage mall cops.
That's hurtful.
In my experience…
it takes someone
who's received similar training…
to do what you did to them.
Why don't you tell me
where you received your training?
Pakistan?
Chechnya?
Afghanistan?
No, you strike me
more as the soldier of fortune type.
Where was it?
South Africa?
Certain groups pay very well
for a good mercenary like you.
Who are you?
One way or another,
we find out what we need to know.
We're good at that.
Don't go anywhere.
Loki!
What are you doing here?
I had to see you.
What's happened?
Tell me. Is it Jotunheim?
Let me explain to Father.
Father is dead.
What?
Your banishment…
the threat of a new war…
it was too much for him to bear.
You mustn't blame yourself.
I know that you loved him.
I tried to tell him so,
but he wouldn't listen.
It was so cruel to put
the hammer within your reach…
knowing that you could never lift it.
The burden of the throne
has fallen to me now.
Can I come home?
The truce with Jotunheim
is conditional upon your exile.
Yes, but couldn't we find a way.
And Mother…
has forbidden your return.
This is goodbye, Brother.
I'm so sorry.
No.
I am sorry.
Thank you for coming here.
Farewell.
Goodbye.
Goodbye?
I just got back.
Excuse me.
I am looking for Mr. Stark.
He's in with Colonel Phillips.
Of course, you're welcome to wait.
I…
read about what you did.
Tthe... Yeah.
Well, that's you know.
Just doing what needed to be done.
Sounded like more than that.
You saved nearly 400 men.
Really, it's not a big deal.
Tell that to their wives.
I don't think they were all married.
You're a hero.
Well, that, no.
That depends on the definition, really.
The women of America…
they owe you their thanks.
And seeing as they're not here...
Captain.
We're ready for you,
if you're not otherwise occupied.
Agent Carter, wait.
Looks like finding a partner
wasn't that hard after all.
Peggy, that's not
what you thought it was.
I don't think anything, Captain,
not one thing.
You always wanted to be a soldier,
and now you are…
just like all the rest.
Well, what about you and Stark?
How do I know you two haven't been…
fondue-ing?
You still don't know
a bloody thing about women.
Fondue is just cheese and bread,
my friend.
Really?
I didn't think...
Nor should you, pal.
The moment you think you know
what's going on in a woman's head…
is the moment your goose
is well and truly cooked.
Me, I concentrate on work,
which at the moment…
is about making sure you and your men
do not get killed.
Carbon polymer.
Should withstand your average
German bayonet.
Although Hydra's not going
to attack you with a pocket knife.
I hear you're…
kind of attached.
It's handier than you might think.
I took the liberty of coming up
with some options.
This one's fun.
She's been fitted with
electrical relays…
that allow you to...
What about this one?
No, no, that's just a prototype.
What's it made of?
Vibranium.
It's stronger than steel
and a third the weight.
It's completely vibration absorbent.
How come it's not standard issue?
That's the rarest metal on Earth.
What you're holding there,
that's all we have got.
You quite finished, Mr. Stark?
I am sure the Captain
has some unfinished business.
What do you think?
Yes, I think it works.
I had some ideas about the uniform.
Whatever you want, pal.
Wake up. Daddy's home.
Welcome home, sir.
Congratulations on
the opening ceremonies.
They were such a success,
as was your Senate hearing.
And may I say how refreshing it is…
to finally see you in a video
with your clothing on, sir.
You!
I swear to God I'll dismantle you.
I'll soak your motherboard.
I'll turn you into a wine rack.
How many ounces a day of this
gobbledegook am I supposed to drink?
We are up to 80 ounces a day
to counteract the symptoms, sir.
Check palladium levels.
Blood toxicity, 24%.
It appears that the continued use
of the Iron Man suit…
is accelerating your condition.
Another core has been depleted.
God, they're running out quick.
I have run simulations
on every known element…
and none can serve
as a viable replacement…
for the palladium core.
You are running out of both time
and options.
Unfortunately, the device
that's keeping you alive…
is also killing you.
Miss Potts is approaching.
- I recommend that you inform her…
- Mute.
Is this a joke?
- What are you thinking?
- What?
- Hey, I'm thinking I'm busy.
And you're angry about something.
Do you have the sniffles?
I don't wanna get sick.
Did you just…
- …donate our entire…
- Keep your business.
…modern art collection to, to the…
- …Boy Scouts of America?
- Boy Scouts of America.
Yes. It is a worthwhile organisation.
I didn't physically check the crates but…
basically, yes.
And it's not our collection,
it's my collection. No offence.
No, you know what?
I think I'm actually entitled to say…
our collection considering…
the time that I put in over 10 years…
- …curating that.
- Really?
- It was a tax write-off, I needed that.
- Yes.
You know, there is only about
8,011 things…
that I really need to talk to you about.
Dummy.
Hey, stop spacing out.
The Bridgeport's
already machining that part.
The Expo is a gigantic waste of time.
I need you to wear a surgical mask
until you're feeling better.
- Is that ok?
- That's rude.
There's nothing more important to me
than the Expo.
It's my primary point of concern.
- I don't know why you're--
- The Expo is your ego gone crazy.
Look at that.
That's modern art.
That's going up.
- You've got to be kidding.
- I'm gonna put this up right now.
- Stark is in complete disarray.
- This is vital.
- You understand that?
- No!
Our stocks have never been higher.
- Yes, from a managerial standpoint.
- Well you are missing part of--
- Let me give you an example.
- If it's messy then let's double back.
Let's move on to another…
- No, no, no, no.
- …subject.
You are not taking down
the Barnett Newman…
- …and hanging that up!
- I'm not taking it down.
I'm just replacing it with this.
- Let's see what I can get going here.
- Ok, fine.
My point is…
- …we have already awarded contracts…
- Yeah.
- …to the wind farm people…
- Don't say wind farm.
- …and to the plastic plantation tree…
- I'm already feeling gassy.
- …which was your idea by the way.
- Yes.
- Those people are on payroll…
- Right.
- …and you won't make a decision.
- Everything was my idea. I don't care…
- I can't!
- …about the liberal agenda any more.
It's boring. Boring.
I'm giving you a boring alert.
You do it.
- I do what?
- Excellent idea.
I just figured this out.
You run the company.
- Yeah, I'm trying to run the company.
- Pepper, I need you to run the company.
Well, stop trying to do it and do it.
You will not…
- I'm not asking you to try to do it.
- …give me the information I need…
- I'm asking you to physically do it.
- …in order to--
I need you to do it.
- I am trying to do it.
- Pepper, you're not listening to me!
- No, you are not listening to me.
- I'm trying to make you CEO!
Why won't you let me?
Have you been drinking?
Chlorophyll.
I hereby…
irrevocably appoint you chairman
and CEO of Stark Industries…
effective immediately.
Yeah, done deal.
Ok?
I've actually given this
a fair amount of thought…
believe it or not.
Doing a bit of headhunting, so to speak…
trying to figure out
who a worthy successor would be.
And then I realised…
it's you.
It's always been you.
I thought there'd be a legal issue but…
actually I'm capable
of appointing my successor.
My successor being you.
Congratulations?
- Take it, just take it.
- I don't know what to think.
Don't think. Drink.
Sir?
He's got a visitor.
His name is Donald Blake?
Dr. Donald Blake.
You have dangerous coworkers,
Dr. Selvig.
He was distraught when he found out
that you've taken all our research.
That was years of his life, gone!
You can understand
how a man could go off like that.
A big, faceless organization like yours…
coming in with their
jackbooted thugs and...
That's how he put it.
That still doesn't explain…
how he managed
to tear through our security.
Steroids!
He's a bit of a fitness nut.
Sir?
It says here that he's an M.D.
Well, he is! Or he was.
He switched careers
and became a physicist.
A brilliant physicist.
He's a wonderful man.
He's a man in pain.
Oh, Donny, Donny, Donny!
There you are.
You're gonna be alright.
I'm taking you home now.
Dr. Selvig!
Just keep him away from the bars.
I will!
Where are we going?
To get a drink.
Follow them.
You know, I had it all backwards.
I had it all wrong.
It's not a bad thing finding out
that you don't have all the answers.
You start asking the right questions.
For the first time in…
my life I have…
no idea what I'm supposed to do.
Anyone who's ever going
to find his way in this world…
has to start by admitting
he doesn't know where the hell he is.
Thank you for what you've done.
No, don't thank me.
I only did it for Jane.
Her father and I
taught at university together.
He was a good man.
He never listened.
Neither did I.
My father was trying
to teach me something…
but I was too stupid to see it.
I don't know if you're delusional or…
if you're pulling some kind of con…
I don't care.
I just care about her.
I've seen the way she looks at you.
I swear to you, I mean her no harm.
Good.
In that case, I'll buy you another round…
and you leave town tonight.
Two boilermakers.
Kill him.
After all I've done for you?
So you're the one
who showed us the way into Asgard.
That was just a bit of fun, really.
To ruin my brother's big day.
And to protect the realm
from his idiotic rule for a while longer.
I will hear you.
I will conceal you…
and a handful of your soldiers…
lead you into Odin's chambers,
and you can slay him where he lies.
Why not kill him yourself?
I suspect that the Asgardians
would not take kindly…
to a king who had murdered
his predecessor.
Once Odin is dead,
I will return the Casket to you…
and you can return Jotunheim to all its...
Glory.
I…
accept.
What troubles you, Gatekeeper?
I turned my gaze upon you in Jotunheim,
but could neither see you nor hear you.
You were shrouded from me…
like the Frost Giants
that entered this realm.
Perhaps your senses have weakened
after your many years of service.
Or perhaps someone has found a way…
to hide that
which he does not wish me to see.
You have great power, Heimdall.
Did Odin ever fear you?
No.
And why is that?
Because he is my king…
and I am sworn to obey him.
He was your king…
and you're sworn to obey me now.
Yes?
Yes.
Then you will open
the Bifrost to no one…
until I have repaired the damage
that my brother has done.
Oh, my God.
Is he ok?
He's fine. Not injured at all.
I'm sorry, my friend.
What happened?
We drank, we fought…
he made his ancestors proud.
Put him on the bed.
I still don't think
you're the God of Thunder.
But you ought to be.
Are these your chambers?
It's more of a temporary living situation.
I'm sorry. I don't usually have guests.
Actually…
I never have guests.
That's not the right place for it.
I'm sorry.
Can we go outside?
Yes, of course.
I come up here sometimes
when I can't sleep or…
I'm trying to reconcile particle data,
or when Darcy's driving me crazy.
I come up here a lot, actually,
now that I think about it.
I'm really glad you're safe.
You've been very kind to me…
and I've been far less grateful
than you deserve.
Well, I hit you with my car
a couple times…
so I think that kind of evens things out.
Perhaps I had it coming.
Oh, my God!
I don't believe it!
It was all I could get back.
I'm sorry it's not as much as
I promised.
No, no, this is great! This is…
I don't have to start from scratch now.
Thank you.
What's wrong?
S.H.l.E.L.D.
Whatever they are…
they're gonna do
everything in their power…
to make sure this research
never sees the light of day.
No, Jane.
Listen to me. You must not give up.
You must finish what you've started.
Why?
Because you're right.
Here, look.
Your ancestors called it magic…
and you call it science.
Well, I come from a place
where they're one and the same thing.
What is that?
My father…
explained it to me like this,
that your world…
is one of the Nine Realms
of the Cosmos…
linked to each other
by the branches of Yggdrasil…
the Worlds Tree.
Now you see it every day
without realizing.
The images glimpsed through.
What did you call it?
This Hooble Telescope.
Hubble.
Hubble Telescope.
Tell me more.
So, the Nine Realms.
Now, there is Midgard, which is Earth.
This is Alfheim.
Vanaheim.
Jotunheim.
And Asgard.
And that's where I come from.
Thank you, Jane.
Jarvis!
Welcome home, sir.
I am Iron Man.
You think you're
the only superhero in the world?
Mr. Stark, you've become
part of a bigger universe.
You just don't know it yet.
Who the hell are you?
Nick Fury…
Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.
I'm here to talk to you about
the Avenger Initiative.